src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:24:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:24:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addService' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addService' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userData' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listAddress' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listAddress' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:54:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/AdminEdit.java:54:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:17:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:17:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:37:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/ChangeRole.java:37:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:17:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:17:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:24:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'serviceobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'serviceobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:37:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/DeleteUser.java:37:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:20:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:20:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:34:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ee' (lines '34'-'36').
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:34:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ee' (lines '34'-'36').
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ee
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ee
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:37:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:37:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:38:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:38:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encrypt_pwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encrypt_pwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:43:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'encrypt_pwd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:43:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'encrypt_pwd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:43:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'encrypt_pwd' is not final.
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:43:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'encrypt_pwd' is not final.
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:51:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/ForgetPasswordServlet.java:51:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:15:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:15:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:34:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/Logout.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:15:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:15:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:15:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:15:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'httpResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'httpResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:68:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/controller/SessionFilter.java:68:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:32:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UpdateProfile' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:32:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UpdateProfile' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:32:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UpdateProfile' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:32:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'UpdateProfile' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:35:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:35:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:37:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:37:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:43:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'doPost' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'doPost' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' has an NPath complexity of 385, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' has an NPath complexity of 385, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' has a NCSS line count of 77.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' has a NCSS line count of 77.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'doPost' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:48:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'doPost' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addList' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addList' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:56:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addservice' (lines '56'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:56:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addservice' (lines '56'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '58'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '58'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:59:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:59:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:59:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:59:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ee' (lines '62'-'64').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ee' (lines '62'-'64').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ee
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:62:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ee
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:65:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:65:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:66:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:66:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'targetStream' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:73:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:73:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'is' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'is' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:73:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:77:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:77:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'imgContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'imgContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hobby' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hobby' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:88:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:88:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:89:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:89:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encrypt_pwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encrypt_pwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:93:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'encrypt_pwd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:93:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'encrypt_pwd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:93:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'encrypt_pwd' is not final.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:93:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'encrypt_pwd' is not final.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:95:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:95:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:96:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:96:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:97:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:97:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:99:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addrId' (lines '99'-'101').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:99:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addrId' (lines '99'-'101').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addrId' (lines '101'-'101').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addrId' (lines '101'-'101').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addressId' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addressId' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressIdList' (lines '105'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressIdList' (lines '105'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addressIdList' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addressIdList' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:106:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'remove' (lines '106'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:106:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'remove' (lines '106'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:107:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:107:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:109:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:109:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'street' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'street' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'landmark' (lines '114'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'landmark' (lines '114'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'landmark' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'landmark' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pincode' (lines '115'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pincode' (lines '115'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pincode' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pincode' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:116:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'city' (lines '116'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:116:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'city' (lines '116'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'city' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'city' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '117'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '117'-'152').
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'state' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'state' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:133:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:133:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:137:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:137:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uName' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uName' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:139:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:139:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:139:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:139:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:141:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:141:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:141:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:141:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:141:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:143:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:143:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:143:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:143:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:150:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/UpdateProfile.java:150:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:34:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:34:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conn field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conn field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:38:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:46:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:46:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:56:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:56:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'flag' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'flag' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sessionInvalidate' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sessionInvalidate' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:76:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '76'-'117').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:76:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '76'-'117').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:76:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:76:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'id' is never used (overwritten on line 117)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:76:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'id' is never used (overwritten on line 117)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addservice' (lines '79'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addservice' (lines '79'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messages' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:81:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:81:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:81:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:81:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ee' (lines '85'-'87').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ee' (lines '85'-'87').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ee
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ee
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:88:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:88:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:89:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:89:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:94:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:94:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:94:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:94:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:97:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:97:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'imgContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'imgContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hobby' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hobby' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:109:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:109:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:110:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:110:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encrypt_pwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encrypt_pwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:114:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'encrypt_pwd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:114:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'encrypt_pwd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:114:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'encrypt_pwd' is not final.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:114:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'encrypt_pwd' is not final.
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '117'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '117'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'street' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'street' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'landmark' (lines '119'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'landmark' (lines '119'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'landmark' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'landmark' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pincode' (lines '120'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:120:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pincode' (lines '120'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pincode' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pincode' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'city' (lines '121'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'city' (lines '121'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'city' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'city' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '122'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '122'-'144').
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'state' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'state' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:126:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:126:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uName' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/UserRegister.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uName' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:26:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:26:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:30:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:30:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:45:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addservice' (lines '45'-'100').
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:45:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addservice' (lines '45'-'100').
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '49'-'100').
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:49:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '49'-'100').
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ee' (lines '51'-'53').
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ee' (lines '51'-'53').
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ee
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ee
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:54:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:54:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:54:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:54:	EmptyCatchBlock:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decrypt_pwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'decrypt_pwd' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:56:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'decrypt_pwd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:56:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'decrypt_pwd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:56:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'decrypt_pwd' is not final.
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:56:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'decrypt_pwd' is not final.
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'isValid' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'isValid' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:80:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:80:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:85:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:96:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/Userlogin.java:96:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:23:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:23:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'serviceobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'serviceobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:48:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/controller/ViewUserDetails.java:48:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/AddressDao.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:16:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:16:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conn field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conn field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pstmt field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:19:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the pstmt field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:19:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:25:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:25:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:45:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:45:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:53:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:53:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:58:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:58:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:58:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:61:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:61:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addressId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addressId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:77:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:77:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:79:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:79:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:84:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:84:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:85:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:85:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'remove' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'remove' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'removeId' (lines '100'-'119').
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'removeId' (lines '100'-'119').
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'removeId' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'removeId' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/AddressDaoImpl.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:15:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'compareUserLogin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:15:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'compareUserLogin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'userRegister': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'userRegister': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displayUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displayUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displayAdmin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displayAdmin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updatePassword': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updatePassword': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'changeRole': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'changeRole': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displaySpecificUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displaySpecificUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateProfile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateProfile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkMail': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkMail': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:89:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDao.java:89:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:18:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:18:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conn field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conn field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:26:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:26:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:35:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:35:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:37:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:38:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:38:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:42:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "user_id" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 42
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:42:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "user_id" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 42
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:42:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:43:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 43
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:43:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 43
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:45:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "contact" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:45:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "contact" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:45:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:46:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "gender" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 46
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:46:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "gender" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 46
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:46:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:47:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "hobby" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 47
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:47:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "hobby" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 47
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:47:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:48:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "dob" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:48:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "dob" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "profile_img" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "profile_img" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:55:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:55:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:57:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:57:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:59:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:59:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:60:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:60:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '68'-'85').
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '68'-'85').
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:68:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:70:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:70:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:82:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:82:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:83:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:83:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '85'-'85').
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '85'-'85').
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:87:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:87:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:88:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:88:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:98:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:98:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:99:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:99:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:100:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:100:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:103:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:103:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:103:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'user'
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:103:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'user'
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:106:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "email" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 106
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:106:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "email" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 106
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:124:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:124:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:131:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initial value of parameter 'user' is never used (overwritten on line 136)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:131:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initial value of parameter 'user' is never used (overwritten on line 136)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:132:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:132:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:133:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:133:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:134:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:134:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:135:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:136:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:136:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:136:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'user'
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:136:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'user'
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:144:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:157:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:157:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:157:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:167:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:167:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:176:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:176:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:178:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:178:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:181:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:181:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:181:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:181:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:181:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:184:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:184:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:184:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'user'
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:184:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'user'
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:205:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '205'-'223').
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:205:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '205'-'223').
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:205:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:205:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:207:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:207:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:207:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:211:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:211:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:213:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:219:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:219:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:221:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:221:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:221:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:221:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:223:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '223'-'223').
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:223:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '223'-'223').
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:226:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:226:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:232:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:234:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:234:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:238:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:238:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:238:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:238:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:239:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:240:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:240:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:240:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:240:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:243:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:243:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:249:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:250:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:250:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:250:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:251:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:251:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:251:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pstmt' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:252:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:253:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:253:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:253:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:253:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:255:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:255:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:256:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:256:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'blob' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:265:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:265:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'photo' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'base64Image' could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/model/Address.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/model/Address.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Address' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=5.882%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=17)
src/main/java/model/Address.java:3:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Address' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=5.882%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=17)
src/main/java/model/Address.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/Address.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pincode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pincode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addUserID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addUserID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addLandmark' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addLandmark' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'addState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'removeAddressId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/Address.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'removeAddressId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/model/User.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/model/User.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'User' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=24, WMC=25)
src/main/java/model/User.java:6:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'User' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=4.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=24, WMC=25)
src/main/java/model/User.java:6:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like User
src/main/java/model/User.java:6:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like User
src/main/java/model/User.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/model/User.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userGender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userGender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userHobby' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userHobby' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDOB' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userDOB' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'base64Image' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'base64Image' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/model/User.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/AddressService.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateAddress': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the addressdao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the addressdao field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:12:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:16:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:16:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:29:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/service/AddressServiceImpl.java:29:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:9:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:9:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'compareUserLogin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:16:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'compareUserLogin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'userRegister': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:22:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'userRegister': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displayUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displayUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displayAdmin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displayAdmin': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updatePassword': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updatePassword': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'changeRole': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'changeRole': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displaySpecificUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'displaySpecificUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateProfile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateProfile': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkMail': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkMail': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'validateUserDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'validateUserDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:96:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserService.java:96:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserDetails': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:12:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:12:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the object field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the object field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the validation field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the validation field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:15:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'obj'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'obj'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:26:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:31:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:31:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:34:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:34:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:45:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:45:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:47:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:47:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:56:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:56:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:57:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:57:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:64:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:64:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:70:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:70:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'obj'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:76:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'obj'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'messages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'messages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:87:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/service/UserServiceImpl.java:87:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DESEDE_ENCRYPTION_SCHEME
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DESEDE_ENCRYPTION_SCHEME
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ks' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ks' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ks' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:14:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'ks' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:15:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'skf' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:15:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'skf' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:15:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'skf' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:15:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'skf' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:16:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cipher' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:16:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'cipher' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the arrayBytes field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:17:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the arrayBytes field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:17:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:18:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myEncryptionKey' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:18:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myEncryptionKey' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:18:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'myEncryptionKey' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:18:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'myEncryptionKey' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myEncryptionScheme' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'myEncryptionScheme' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like myEncryptionScheme
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like myEncryptionScheme
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'myEncryptionScheme' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:19:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'myEncryptionScheme' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the key field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:20:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the key field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:20:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:22:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:22:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'unencryptedString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'unencryptedString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:34:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encryptedString' (lines '34'-'39').
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:34:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encryptedString' (lines '34'-'39').
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'plainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'plainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encryptedText' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encryptedText' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:40:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:40:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:41:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:41:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'encryptedString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'encryptedString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:48:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'decryptedText' (lines '48'-'53').
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:48:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'decryptedText' (lines '48'-'53').
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encryptedText' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'encryptedText' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'plainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'plainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:54:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:54:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:55:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/utility/EncryptionFile.java:55:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:7:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:7:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:15:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:15:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:25:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:26:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:27:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/utility/MyConnection.java:27:	EmptyIfStmt:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:9:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'validateUserDetails(User, Map)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:9:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'validateUserDetails(User, Map)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'messages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'messages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:11:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:11:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:17:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:17:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:17:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:17:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:17:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:17:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:19:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:19:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:36:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:36:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/utility/Validation.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
